a call for Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to resign and for
elections to be held immediately this
the largest anti-government
demonstration to be staged since October
7th some of the thousands in Tel Aviv
trying to break through barriers near
the defense Ministry but quickly beaten
back by police
like to say to the government that you
had your
time you ruined everything that you can
ruin now it's the time for the people to
correct all the things all the bad
things that you have done in the past 20
years
almost across the street families of
Israeli captives held in Gaza hold their
19th weekly rally appealing for their
negotiated safe return I'm here tonight
to call for the release of my brother
and the rest of the hostages we have no
time anymore I call for the Israel
government for any government in the
world to do something because we cannot
wait anymore we have to get them back as
soon as
possible but Netanyahu is refusing to
heed those calls while demonstrations
were taking place he addressed the
nation our policy to liberate and bring
back the captives is military pressure
and until now this what we have done and
we have brought back 120 of them we
shall continue until we bring back all
the captives these demonstrators are
saying that what he is doing is simply
not enough and in fact they had called
on him to relocate his press conference
from West Jerusalem to right here in Tel
Aviv nearly 5 months into the war
netanyahu's popularity continues to
plummet Israeli protesters are vowing to
continue taking to the streets in a show
of their disapproval for his government
and its policies ham salut Al jazer Tel
Aviv well let's bring in Hassan badi now
who's a professor of international
Affairs at Qatar University thank you
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer